new guys this is my dirt tracks maximum
s too early and my dad is out there
still running his car this is my maximum
sorry I don't have my tripod right now
so I have to hold it now so tastic take
off the cover all right when I got it it
was totally like a park all I had was
the motor the motor is like all ships
really stinks
the original muffler the gas tank did
not was not on here but I got this from
RC car matcom really gas tank it's like
like six or seven bucks but that gas
tank works perfectly and it's like a
little primer here I got the two-stage
air filter
courtesy of HP I got the shocks original
shocks the wheels are HPI but these back
one's a proline and when I got on these
were Chrome and these were white but I
spread it but my dad spray-painted them
for me which I thanked him for servos
and everything all the same my dad's
still out there running his car trying
to start it sorry has a pull start
as the clutch gear the spur gears of
perfect condition your carb there's your
carb so putting your stuff as I had to
buy the saver which I don't think is I
put it together myself but I love it
still works or not this everything seems
to work perfectly the shocks and stuff
are good yeah I had to buy this this gas
tank is discontinued I already told you
and you can get most of these parts on
RC car max calm it's only the gas tank
that fits got some fuel line here
obviously um a little basically anything
will work but I got the aluminum base
plate the chassis plate from cleaned out
the dog bones and stuff but I just put
some aluminum tape over the front cuz
this was all like dogged up and stuff
okay now this is shock tower it's just
continued but I got it off the UM this
one side it's called omnimon at amna
models.com how about there and this
thing is discontinued - no no it's like
completely out of focus here oh you
trying to salaries no I'm just show me
dad I'm just showing wrong
um I will clutch bill everything when I
got that clutch bill was a placed on
backwards so it was run really slow and
we thought that motor was messed up but
turned out that motor was fine but it
was just the clutch bell the clutch
shoes sorry and we're going to this
airfield and we're going to rough my dad
gonna run his truck I'm just going to
spectate and video and my dad's coworker
color yeah yeah he is having airplanes
and stuff and I'm probably just gonna
bring my savage just for shows you know
but this is my entire collection I have
the maximum I have the savage let me go
back here sorry I got my car and this is
my dad's car
that's his awesome Corvette body and
here's my Camaro body in it it myself
has black but mostly already Orange Park
spins a whole bunch of parts and that's
about it alright guys
see